imagine a sack barrow that could be used
for years without ever getting a flat
tire
imagine a wheelbarrow that could stand
outside in all weathers and do the
heaviest of loads and the roughest
terrain without ever getting a puncture
imagine a wheel that could be mounted on
almost any portable equipment that would
never let you down
imagine a tire that looks feels and
handles just like a traditional
pneumatic tire that endures use and wear
better than the pneumatic tire that
continues working perfectly when all of
the tires have gone flat well you no
longer need to imagine such a wheel it's
not a mere vision of the future it is
here today
starker flex puncture free wheels
in a traditional pneumatic tire the air
pressure within the tire or inner tube
is set to give the tire the rigidity
necessary to enable it to roll easily
whilst being soft and flexible enough to
absorb shock and vibration the
elasticity of compressed air and a
rubber enclosure ensures that the tire
when momentarily deformed by load
maneuvering or uneven terrain will
return to its natural form retaining its
ability to roll and bear the load but
the compressed air and pneumatic tire is
contained in a single enclosure all it
takes is one puncture for the air to be
released and the tire becomes useless
flex tires employ the same pneumatic
concept but instead of the air being
contained within a single enclosure the
tire comprises thousands of microscopic
air bubbles within a flexible yet strong
polyurethane compound no damage to the
tire can ever deflate enough air bubbles
to render the tire useless
instead the flex tyre simply looks
fields and handles like a pneumatic but
goes on working regardless of the load
or environment to which it's subjected
whilst the idea is simple and far from
new puncture free tires have been the
holy grail of tire engineers for decades
simply because alternative materials
could never match the handling and
performance characteristics of
pneumatics until the advent of stock o
flex a new tire material with a unique
manufacturing process that provides the
only viable alternative to pneumatics
for low-speed applications such as
wheelbarrows sack barrows and portable
equipment stock o flex wheels are
available in two variants stock o flex
light for low-cost light weight domestic
applications
and Starkel flexpro for heavy-duty
professional applications the flex light
wheel comprises a hard polyethylene
injection molded wheel onto which a
polyurethane tire is molded in a single
process eliminating the need for tire
mounting and handling for low-cost
consumer products the flex light is a
safe alternative to pneumatics
eliminating the risk of inadvertent over
inflation due to incorrect use of air
compressors by the end-user d'arco flex
tires are inflated for life flex light
wheels are available in a range of sizes
to suit many domestic applications all
wheels in the Flex light product range
are available with adapters and bushing
sets to match a range of ball and hub
sizes suitable for both nylon bearings
and ball bearings making the Flex life
compatible with most wheelbarrows and
sack barrows on the market for the
aftermarket customer flex light wheels
are an economically sensible replacement
for pneumatic tires eliminating the risk
of punctures forever flex light wheels
add value to the product on which they
are fitted giving the end-user a safe
long and maintenance-free
service life
the flexpro tire comprises a unique
injection molded polyurethane compound
especially formulated to match the
performance of pneumatics the Flex Pro
tire is mounted onto a standard steel
wheel using a simple press flexpro tires
retain their natural form under load
reducing rolling resistance and
maintaining a low tendency for flat
spotting the chemical formulation of the
Flex Pro tire is four times more durable
than the rubber compounds used in
pneumatic tires Starkel flex Pro wheels
are designed for heavy loads and heavy
use and are suitable for the majority of
low-speed non highway applications for
both fixed and steered axles flex Pro
wheels are available in a range of sizes
to suit many heavy-duty professional
applications for the Original Equipment
Manufacturer
flex Pro wheels are quick and easy to
fit requiring no inflation Starkel can
also offer a range of colours and
bespoke wheel designs for OAM customers
for the aftermarket customer flex Pro
wheels are an economically sensible
replacement for pneumatic tires
eliminating the risk of punctures
forever
flexpro wheels add value to the product
on which they are fitted giving the
end-user a safe long and
maintenance-free service life all-star
Co flex tires have tested and documented
performance characteristics covering a
range of load and speed indices that far
exceeds the real world demands of the
applications for which they are designed
start off flex wheels have a mechanical
load and stress distribution profile
which offers the optimal footprint under
load large enough to bear the load and
ensure excellent contact with the ground
but small enough to maintain steering
precision and and void unnecessary
stress to the tread surface resulting in
a tire that handles well stock effects
wheels are designed by Starkel and
manufactured in-house at the company's
Factory in the United Kingdom the unique
star core manufacturing process allows
for the creation of differentiated
densities within the polyurethane
material resulting in a tire with a hard
tread and flexible sidewalls Starkel
flex tires make economic sense the cost
of downtime and labor related to
repairing a single puncture in a
pneumatic tire is often far higher than
the investment in a stock Oh flex
puncture free tire
start off Lex tires are proven in
practice in workplaces and homes
throughout Europe experience shows that
even in a harsh working environment the
stock Oh flex tire typically outlasts
the equipment on which it is fitted
stock or flex products are
environmentally friendly fully
recyclable and 100% compliant with the
European reach regulations these
products do not contain any polycyclic
aromatic hydrocarbons with the stock o
Flex wheel you get the best of both
worlds the advantages of the traditional
pneumatic tire without the cost and
irritation of downtime associated with
punctures
you